What's the worst villager in Minecraft?
You might think of the librarian that
refused to give me the right trade for
30 minutes in this video, but there's
actually a much less useful villager,
the leather worker. First, leather
workers trade you leather armor, which
is obviously the worst armor in the
game. But it gets worse because this
armor is really overpriced. You're
mainly paying for the fact that leather
workers dye the armor so you can be
fashionable. And this would be kind of
cool if they made custom clothing that
can only be acquired from them, like how
the ominous banner is only obtainable by
killing a raid captain. But they just
choose two random dyes for the leather
armor. And you could easily do that or
use even more dyes for more
customization. And even worse, these
guys are pretty much useless for selling
to because they only buy leather, rabbit
hide, and turtle scoot. And who has tons
of those? Maybe now that rabbits are
little chunguses, you could get rabbit
hide easier, but it's just not worth it.
But worst of all, there used to be one
reason to trade with leather workers. If
you spend almost 100 emeralds to level a
leather worker up, it will sell you a
saddle, which isn't even useful anymore
because they're craftable